>> Kyle Simpson: All right, well let's
talk about this destructuring exercise,
we'll take a look at how to solve it.
We start with the defaults object, but
our goal is to not have to manage
this in a separate object.
Our goal is to have those values in
line into our destructuring pattern.
So for now comment that object out and
then I'll make sure to use those
values in my destructuring pattern.
Speaking of that destructuring pattern,
we want that to go here,
and our destructuring pattern
needs to account for the topic.
And it defaults the JavaScript and
the format which defaults to Live.
And also a slides object
which has a start that
defaults to 0 and
an end of it defaults to 100.
>> Kyle Simpson: So that is as breaking
down which means we end up creating four
variables, the topic variable, the format
variable, and then start an end.
And then all we should need
to do is restructure those
back together so we will add topic and
format back in and
then we will add a slides object
that includes start and end.
>> Kyle Simpson: Now if you wanted to be
able to pass along any properties that
you hadn't otherwise
already accounted for,
you could use the object gather and
say ...otherProperties.
And then you would simply do
an object spread by saying,
...otherProps,
>> Kyle Simpson: It's not needed for
this particular example but just to give
you an idea of how your destructuring
pattern can include anything else
that might have been passed along.